make preserving defaults for property descriptor's properties more ge… (#20047)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/object/defineproperty/index.md

Bear in mind that these attributes are not necessarily the descriptor's own properties.
Inherited properties will be considered as well. In order to ensure these defaults are

> preserved, you might freeze all objects existed in the prototype chain of the provided descriptor object upfront, specify all

Reviewer: Rewording proposal

```suggestion
preserved, you might freeze existing objects in the descriptor object's prototype chain upfront, specify all
```
